Add `wp-env` Post-Install Command (#49996)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/README.md

Positionals:
  environment  Which environments' databases to clean.
            [string] [choices: "all", "development", "tests"] [default: "tests"]

Options:
  --help          Show help                                            [boolean]
  --version       Show version number                                  [boolean]
  --debug         Enable debug output.                [boolean] [default: false]

>   --post-install  Execute the environments' configured post-install command if

Reviewer: I think this should be the default for clean. My reasoning is that we say post install gets run when WordPress is configured, which is also done during the clean step. 🤔 Plus, if someone has post-install configured, a common use case is making sure data exists in the database

Author: I suppose that makes sense. This _is_ an opt-in feature, so, you can operate under that expectation the first time you use it without concern.

}
```

> #### Post-Install Command

Reviewer: I think it'd be nice to document pointing to your own script! (node or shell)

Author: This _might_ be a little superfluous since you can run arbitrary commands, but, more examples can't hurt!

Reviewer: True! I feel like it could be easy to miss if you aren't super familiar with it

You can define a command for `wp-env` to run after configuring WordPress. This will happen the first time you run `wp-env start`, whenever you change the configuration,
and when you use the `--update` option. You can also instruct `wp-env` to run the command on `wp-env clean` with the `--post-install` option. 
The `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL` environment variable can be used to override the configured command.

```json
{
  "postInstall": "echo 'Running Post-Install'"
}
```

Additional environment variables are given to the command to provide context about the execution:

- `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL_CONTEXT` contains the command that triggered the execution, either `start` or `clean`.

> - `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL_ENVIRONMENT` contains the environment that the command is being executed for, such as `development` or `tests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL_ENVIRONMENT` contains the WordPress environment that the command is being executed for, such as `development` or `tests`.
```

- `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL_DEBUG` contains a boolean indicating whether or not `wp-env` is in debug mode.

> > **Warning:** This command will not always be executed on a fresh environment. It should be resilient and not fail if a step has already been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** This command can be executed frequently. It should be resilient and not fail if a step has already been completed. For example, you should take care not to add data to the database if it was already done.
```
